Before I start with Power Launch Formula,
I want to make a reflection
that is very important about
the approach, because it has
a lot to do with how Power
Launch Formula is set up.
And it's that the usual approach
people think is that they
undertake that the germ is an idea.
The focus is you have an idea, usually
what people do is fall in love with
that idea, execute that idea,
and that what does it take you to?
It leads you to failure in
90% of cases.
That is what the statistics say.
It's funny, you see entrepreneurs
doing that, right?
They fall in love with an idea,
think they have got the Coca-
Cola formula, often they don't want
to tell it because they think
it's unique and they can
copy it.
It's between funny and ridiculous,
because when you have a little perspective
you realize that that idea,
not that idea but the ideas,
are worthless.
The other day I read from an investor
in Silicon Valley that the ideas
are not worth the paper on which
they are written, and of course
they are not worth the time she
spent listening to them.
And it may sound a bit extreme,
but it's so, because really
when you've seen many projects,
when you've seen many projects
fail, you realize that an idea,
the idea at that moment when
someone has an idea, even if
it's good, maybe hasn't advanced
even 1%.
Imagine if of the projects that are
born, of those that are born, when
people have invested time and
so, 90% failure of the ideas that
people have at that time, what
is the value?
How much has it advanced?
Not even 1 percent, I am sure.
And it is that you have probably heard
a thousand times, no, because I also
thought about setting up Facebook or
I also thought about doing something
like Glovo, everyone has had
many ideas.
But how many people have done it?
How many people have successfully executed it?
Very few of them.
The conclusion at the end, I will
go back to the same, ideas are
worthless.
We believe that focus is not an
idea and executing it, the focus
or formula to success is different.
It has to start from your commitment,
to undertake, to your dreams,
etc.
It doesn't part of an idea, it has to
start from your commitment, it's very different.
When you are aware of this, when
you are aware that everything
is part of your commitment to
a dream, to change your life,
but not the idea you have
at that moment, you gain
objectivity and probably face
it in a different way.
So let's think, if almost all
ideas fail, if ideas are worthless,
if the important thing
is execution, what can we
do to those dreams, those
dreams, that vision?
To become, if that's what we want,
a successful entrepreneur
or entrepreneur.
We have to test many ideas
and very quickly.
If each of the ideas has little
chance of becoming a successful
model, what we have to do is,
in the medium term, try out
many ideas and very quickly.
That's what Powerlands Formula
is going to do.
You can see it more or less
graphically, right?
This is what happens over
time.
This is what has happened to all
successful entrepreneurs who have
had many ideas and have taken the
first steps.
And if you are good at this, if what
you get is to validate it as soon
as possible and invest as little
money and time as possible, you
can discard more.
Accelerate this process.
Of course, if you fall in love with
the first idea you have, you ruin
yourself, five years pass, you spend
it fatal, because you almost have
no room to recover.
But if we are very good
and try out many ideas it is like a lab.
And so we have set it up.
I'll give you the example of Nebula,
who are some of our friends.
Well, Kike and Dani, whom you
will know, they have invested money
in creating a laboratory in which,
applying just this approach,
like a laboratory in which they
quickly validate many ideas.
That with the synergies they have
in terms of the knowledge they
have, the means they have, allows
them to make a percentage of those
ideas come forward.
But those who do not go ahead have
not ruined them because it has not
involved much effort in time and money
to validate them.
So, therefore, what you have
to do, if that's your vision,
if you're eager to create something
innovative, disruptive, etc.,
what you have to do is get on the
way as soon as possible.
Don't block yourself because you don't have
an idea, because we'll help you.
Don't fall in love with your current ideas.
Learn the method, the formula.
And put yourself on the road because
the sooner you do, your first
idea doesn't work or what you need
to do is that idea you have
in that model.
We will have to evolve it, to pivot
it many times, whatever it is.
But the sooner you get on the road,
the sooner you will that dream.